# Slate for OnePlus

This is simply a repost of files released by the creator under the Apache v2.0 License.
I found all of this in a [OnePlus forum thread](https://forums.oneplus.com/threads/font-oneplus-slate-download.544318/).

**I am not the creator, nor the owner of the _Slate for OnePlus_ font family.**


## Original notice of third-party licenses

I have found the following in _Settings > About phone > Legal information > Third-party licenses_.
I copy-paste the relevant excerpt for the `.ttf` files.
Ellipses in square brackets (`[...]`) indicate that I omitted part of the original text for readability purposes, in order to highlight the relevant content.
The [LICENSE file](./LICENSE) provides a full verbatim copy of the original license text.

	Notices for file(s):
	/root/init
	/system/app/CertInstaller/CertInstaller.apk
	/system/app/CompanionDeviceManager/CompanionDeviceManager.apk

[...]

	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Black.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Bold.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Book.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Light.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Medium.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Regular.ttf
	/system/fonts/SlateForOnePlus-Thin.ttf

[...]

	/vendor/lib64/soundfx/libdownmix.so
	/vendor/lib64/soundfx/libreverbwrapper.so
	/vendor/lib64/soundfx/libvisualizer.so


	Copyright (c) 2005-2008, The Android Open Source Project

	Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
	you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

	Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
	distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
	See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
	limitations under the License.


	                             Apache License
	                       Version 2.0, January 2004
	                    http://www.apache.org/licenses/

	TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

[...]

	2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
	   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
	   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
	   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
	   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
	   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

[...]

	4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
	   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
	   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
	   meet the following conditions:

	   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
	       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

	   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
	       stating that You changed the files; and

	   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
	       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
	       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
	       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
	       the Derivative Works; and

	   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
	       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
	       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
	       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
	       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
	       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
	       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
	       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
	       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
	       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
	       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
	       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
	       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
	       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
	       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
	       as modifying the License.

	   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
	   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
	   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
	   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
	   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
	   the conditions stated in this License.

[...]

	END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
